Link to finished Codepen: git@github.com:Jor4291/web50Example.git

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
HTML that has a name that indicates what it does

    2. What is HTML used for? 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    provide additional information for elements they belongs in the start ta
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The heading Text will recieve the H1 to style it. Used just once for good practice.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
     Image, anchor

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The header, title

    7. What is an id? 
 unique identifier

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
div, a, p, or any other element 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
a reusable identifier

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

    unlimited
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    accesibility for alt text or a broken image

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is semantic and a div is for styling

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling elements in a webpage

    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{
    color: red;
};
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
   classes target multiple elements id is for a single specific element
   id would be best utilized for elements like log in information and class will be used more generally multiple times

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class-name{

    }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    div p.human{

    }
    to be more specific or control changes involving their relationship

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a 

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    hover, focus; a selector that selects an element in a specific state.

    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transfom: lowercase, text-transfom: CAPITALS, text-transfom: Capitalize



    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{
        color:black;
    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */


    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rn filename.txt, you cannot recover this file once deleted no warning

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to be able to revert catastrophic changes and bugs

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 min or once major progress is made

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    
     
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
